---
layout: "post"
title: "Thank You"
date: "2017-07-31 16:43"
---

Today, after spending 4 years in college, I signed my first contract at In The Pocket as a full stack developer.

Can't wait to start working here, but I realise that none of this would have been possible without the contribution of the people below.

I would never be where I now am without every one of them.
Of course, a list in no order.


_Thank you:_

* Mom & dad
> for giving me the option to follow a 3 year course (ultimately ending up being 4 years) which they had no clue of what it consisted. For the other support throughout every day in life.
* My brother
> for being the crazy guy he is, playing Playstation together, laughing at stupid things and taking my mind off in general. Someone I truly admire for his perseverance and intelligence. 
* Lotte Bijlsma
> the girl & love I met in school. You made me strive for the best and only the best. Always supportive, always perfect. No more words needed.
* Geoffrey Dhuyvetters
> who taught me everything I wanted to know about coding and the web. You spiked my interest for developing and wanting to pursue a career in development. I owe a lot to the skills you transferred into my brain and I'm eternally grateful for that.
* Arne, Simon, Wouter, Gertjan and Jean at Typework/NephroFlow
> for taking a curious development student into work for a month. I found a true love for functional programming here and  love that I got the opportunity here to work in a production environment startup. Keep on doing what you do.
* The complete #devinehowest team
> The best higher educational course there is for design & dev in Belgium. Pushing their students to only go for the best and create crazy cool shit.
* My ex-girlfriend
> for breaking up with me. If I wouldn't of gotten this, I would have never had the possibility to grow, become a great programmer and pursue a successful career and happy life.
* Kevin Meyvaert
> The interesting dude that I started talking to in my second year of Devine, and which turned out to be a long-lasting friendship throughout school & life. Glad to call him my co-worker soon!
* Gerben Geeraerts
> Another weird guy which in who I found my peer. Thanks for those cool years in Devine and the ridiculously funny conversations we have.
* Jonas Leupe
> Another part of the devinemates, the guy who takes crazy cool pictures and rocks a design. Thanks for the insights & hangouts during those 3 years.
* Anthony Magnus
> for being that weirdest friend of them all and giving our gang laughs at Devine. Good luck in your future plans mate!
* Allegra, Anna, Arthur, Daniel, Dimitri, Eric, Fei, Louise
> the team that took me in at Edenspiekermann and made my scary time in Berlin turn into a nice 3 months filled with good work, laughter, hanging out and enjoying work & Berlin. Thank you gang, keep doing what you do, each one of you.
* Everyone at Espi
> for making a family like I've never seen one in a company. Espi is all about the people and the people make it a great place.
* My Lab9 mates
> crazy-good-friends and people who can make you laugh in a pinch. Always up for a drink or Vedettje at Republiek (RIP).
* Alexis Moust
> my non developer/designer friend who I thank for an awesome & super-valued friendship and our hour-long talks about Floating Points, jazz, records, concerts, music… over a nice beer or cocktail.


> Please note that if you feel like I've forgotten you, it's not because you're not on the list that I didn't remember you. Thank you as well.